P5-240: Remove Wobble (#156)
aau-hcl-p5/main: report/3.Theory/ObjectRecognition.tex

One of the reasons neural networks are especially interesting in this case, is its ability to recognize patterns.
Pattern recognition is a fundamental part of object recognition making neural networks an obvious option.

> \subsubsection{The structure of a neural network}

Reviewer: skal det her overhovedet være med? thomas har haft det med i en PR

> A typical neural network consists of an input layer, an output layer and one or multiple hidden layers in between.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A typical neural network consists of an input layer, an output layer and between these,  one or more hidden layers.
```

> It is the task of the hidden layers to transform the input from the input layer into the desired output onto the output layer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is the task of the hidden layers to transform the input into the desired output.
```

The layers consists of one or more neurons, where in a normal fully connected neural network all neurons in a layer is connected to all neurons in the previous layer.

> All connections in a neural network has a weight associated to it, which acts as a simple multiplier for the output from the previous neuron. Apart from the weights all neurons, except for input neurons, are assigned a bias, which is added to the sum of all inputs to the neuron. The bias is sometimes thought of as a sort of threshold indicating whether a neuron should fire.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All connections in a neural network has a weight associated to it, which acts as a simple multiplier for the output from previous neurons. 
All neurons, except input neurons, are assigned a bias.
This is a constant value, which is added to the sum of inputs to the neuron. 
The bias is sometimes thought of as a sort of threshold indicating whether a neuron should fire.
```

> All connections in a neural network has a weight associated to it, which acts as a simple multiplier for the output from the previous neuron. Apart from the weights all neurons, except for input neurons, are assigned a bias, which is added to the sum of all inputs to the neuron. The bias is sometimes thought of as a sort of threshold indicating whether a neuron should fire.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All connections in a neural network has a weight associated to it, which acts as a simple multiplier for the output from the previous neuron.
Apart from the weights all neurons, except for input neurons, are assigned a bias, which is added to the sum of all inputs to the neuron.
The bias is sometimes thought of as a sort of threshold indicating whether a neuron should fire.
```

> \figur{0.7}{images/NN.png}{Illustration of a simple neural network with 2 neurons in each layer\cite{NeuralNetworkImage}.}{fig:nnimage}

Reviewer 2: denne skal refereres i teksten hvis den skal være der.

> Before passing the result of a neuron on, the result is first transformed by an activation function. The activation function is required in order for the neural network to learn to solve a complex non-linear model. This will be further discussed in \ref{training-a-neural-network} about training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before passing the result of a neuron on, the result is first transformed by an activation function.
The activation function is required in order for the neural network to learn to solve a complex non-linear model.
 This will be further discussed in \autoref{training-a-neural-network} about training.
```

> Before passing the result of a neuron on, the result is first transformed by an activation function. The activation function is required in order for the neural network to learn to solve a complex non-linear model. This will be further discussed in \ref{training-a-neural-network} about training.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The input, after being modified by the weights, is sent through an activation function.
The activation function is required in order for the neural network to learn to solve a complex non-linear model.
This will be further discussed in \ref{training-a-neural-network} about training.
```

\paragraph{Identity}

> The simplest activation function, is an activation function that does not alter the input. This is also known as an identity function. The identity function can be used when learning simple models, but fails to learn complex non-linear models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest activation function, is an activation function that does not alter the input.
This is also known as an identity function.
The identity function can be used when learning simple models, but fails to learn complex non-linear models.
```

\paragraph{Perceptron}

> A perceptron is a neuron that has an activation function that returns a binary signal, either zero or one, depending on the input value. Usually any positive value will be a one, and all negative values will be a zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A perceptron is a neuron that has an activation function that returns a binary signal, either zero or one, depending on the input value.
Usually any positive value will be a one, and all negative values will be a zero.
```

\paragraph{Logistic Sigmoid}

> The sigmoid function is a commonly used activation function in neural networks. It is defined as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sigmoid function is a commonly used activation function in neural networks and is defined as:
```

$$f(x) = \frac{1}{1 + e^{-x}}$$

It maps the input value, to a value between one and zero, and is especially useful for learning, due to its non-linear slope.

> A visual representation can be seen in figure~\ref{fig:sigmoid}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A visual representation can be seen in \autoref{fig:sigmoid}.
```
